Project Overview
This project is a microservice-based e-commerce application. It uses Docker to containerize the services, allowing for consistent development, testing, and deployment environments. The application consists of a backend service, a client service, and uses MongoDB as its database.

Project Structure
backend/: Contains the server-side code including the main application logic, models, routes, and configuration files.
client/: Contains the client-side code, which interfaces with the backend service.
docker-compose.yaml: Defines and runs multi-container Docker applications. It sets up the services, networks, and volumes required for the application.
Dockerfile: Specifies the environment and commands for building Docker images for each service.
Vagrantfile: Defines the virtual environment configuration if Vagrant is used.
ansible.cfg: Configuration for Ansible automation if used for deployment or provisioning.
package.json: Defines project metadata and dependencies for Node.js services.
README.md: Contains an overview and documentation for the project.
Prerequisites
Before you get started, ensure you have the following installed:

Docker
Docker Compose
Node.js (for running backend and client services)
MongoDB (ensure MongoDB service is running)
Setup Instructions
Building Docker Images
To build Docker images for the project, use the following command in the project’s root directory:

bash
Copy code
docker-compose build
This will build images for all services specified in the docker-compose.yaml file.

Running the Application
Start all the services defined in docker-compose.yaml using:

bash
Copy code
docker-compose up
This command runs the services in detached mode and sets up the necessary networking between them.

Stopping the Application
To stop and remove all running containers, use:

bash
Copy code
docker-compose down
This command will clean up all containers, networks, and volumes created by docker-compose up.

Docker Hub Integration
Tagging and Pushing Images
To push Docker images to Docker Hub:

Tag the Image: Ensure the image is tagged correctly for Docker Hub:

bash
Copy code
docker tag yolo_app:latest your-dockerhub-nyagaah/yolo_app:1.0
Push the Image: Push the tagged image to Docker Hub:

bash
Copy code
docker push your-dockerhub-nyagaah/yolo_app:1.0
Replace your-dockerhub-nyagaah with your Docker Hub username.

Troubleshooting
Common Issues
Port Conflicts: If you encounter port conflicts, check the docker-compose.yaml file to ensure no other services are using the same ports.
Image Not Found: Verify that the image is built and tagged correctly. Use docker images to list available images.
Viewing Logs
To view logs from your containers:

bash
Copy code
docker-compose logs
Docker Hub Repository
The Docker images for this project are available on Docker Hub. You can access the repository using the following link:

https://hub.docker.com/repository/docker/nyagaah/yolo_app

